GATA:
Man, y'all ain't
gonna believe this.
Nigga, we had the club lit.
That shit was going up,
I'm telling y'all, man.
We was in the section,
me and LD, popping bottles,
whoopty whoop,
with the whole squad, bro.
Look, check this shit out.
The whole lineup
of the Dallas
motherfucking Cowboys.
Goddamn. Hey, peep that, bro.
- Damn.
- That's CeeDee Lamb
right there, dawg.
- Yeah.
- STRETCH: Man, this is
like a fucking movie.
Man, fuck a movie.
This my reality now, bro.
I was in there with three
baddies at the dinner, bro.
Eating at the same time.
Hey, bro, you VMA Gata now.
- Huh, I heard that.
- Come on, now. Hey, you remember
kicking it with Gata
back in the day?
He used to live here.
How would I not remember?
(scoffs)
Hey, man, that was, like,
a decade ago. I don't know
- how no damn eight-year-old mind
work, bro.
- (scoffs)
So, I see you pulled up
to Icebox today, huh?
Man, I had to go get
iced out, bro.
Got that rose gold
Cuban bust down.
That shit go crazy. Hey, that's
much better than that shit
from the swap meet that turned
your goddamn neck green, bro.
- (Malik chuckles)
- For real.
Y'all must be making
some real bread on tour.
Man, fuck tour.
I got hit songs coming out.
Future earnings. Hey,
LD, tell them about that song
I got with Rick Ross the Boss.
- Nigga, that shit hard.
- Whoo.
You know, I'm not sure
I'd call it a song quite yet.
My friend Benny made a beat
that Rick Ross rapped to,
like, five years ago.
Now, that Rick Ross verse
is on Benny's hard drive.
He took that,
added his own verse
to it, but, like,
Rick Ross doesn't know
he exists.
- It's a whole clearance...
- Man, nobody give a fuck about
- them details like that, dawg.
- Just...
Ross gonna remember me, bro.
Trust me.
I got him some gas-ass weed,
got him the lemon pepper pizza,
and he gonna be
at the strip club tonight.
We gonna turn that shit up,
and we gonna get that verse.
Sure, sorry.
I'm just dealing
with this situation.
You guys know who
Killer Mike is, right?
- BOTH: Hell yeah.
- Bro, fuck you mean?
So, earlier today
I tweeted, "Atlanta,
holler at your boy tonight."
He took that tweet,
retweeted it with the comment,
"I don't know about this man."
What does he mean by that?
Does he mean, like, "I don't
know about this tweet, man,"
or "I don't know about
this man," like my soul?
He real political for sure, bro.
Like, he one of them folks
that's trying to keep
the courtrooms from using
rap lyrics as evidence
and all that shit. Like, he real
pivotal in the Black community.
What does that
have to do with me?
Is he, like,
implying that I'm, like,
bad for the Black community?
Bro, didn't you say
you called him a boy?
I didn't call him a boy.
I said, "Holler at your boy."
- I'm the boy in that situation.
- STRETCH: Oh...
Bro, you know, Twitter be having
miscommunications and shit.
- Yeah.
- DAVE: Like... he goes online
and starts talking shit
without even knowing me?
That's such... hearsay.
Sound like you in
a real conundrum, my brother.
Well, what do I say back to him?
I've, like, already written
three drafts,
- and I keep deleting it.
- Hey, Stretch,
this is a rental, bro.
We in the trenches.
You think I can pull this
around back, or what?
I got some blankets
we can put over
that motherfucker, you feel me?
- ♪ Hi, I'm Dave ♪
- ♪ I'm Lil Dicky ♪
♪ Hi, I'm Dave ♪
- ♪ Who's Dave? ♪
- ♪ Hi, I'm Dave. ♪
♪ Draped in all designer ♪
♪ Draped
in all designer ♪
♪ Draped in all desi gner,
draped in all designer ♪
♪ I got all exotic bitches... ♪
- Stretch.
- (grunts)
Look at Dave over there,
bossed up with Ross.
Can't believe I manifested
getting that verse.
LD's really over there
putting that work in,
connecting them dots.
- What's up, baby?
- Hi.
- Hi. Want to touch me?
- Honestly, I didn't,
I didn't expect...
Uh, no. If I touched you, I'd
get a full-on boner. I can't.
No, I will get hard, and if I...
Don't get me a lap dance,
whatever you do,
'cause any friction
will make me hard.
- Yo, yo, yo, yo.
- Any...
- Yo.
- Oh, please, every guy
gets erect.
Chill the fuck out.
It's not my control.
Honestly, I-I...
My fucking 11-year-old cousin,
during Thanksgiving,
was sitting on my lap.
We watched a movie,
and I was, like, proud
that nothing even moved.
You know what I mean?
What about me hitting on you?
Is that, like, normal?
Oh, I blocked your throw. Sorry.
You want to go over there?
Hell yeah, I'm trying
to go over there.
- What you mean?
- All right.
You got to put this on
for me, big homie.
- Bro, what the fuck?
- Bro, come on, man.
I'm trying to look official,
like a referee with a whistle.
All right, bro. I'm sacrificing
pussy for your ass...
Bro...
Whenever I throw it,
it doesn't even make it
to the woman.
It, like, falls short. Ah,
- that one grazed her ass.
- You got to work on it, man.
You know, I didn't
sell my show out tonight, and
part of me thinks it's 'cause
Killer Mike tweeted about me.
Do you know Killer Mike?
Do you like him?
- What's your deal with him?
- I know Killer Mike.
Do you like him,
or do you fucking hate him?
That's the homie.
- He one of those.
- One of-- Yeah.
Hey,
hey, hey.
- Damn, bro.
- Hey, come on.
Hey, watch out now.
I'm security for him, bro.
One of those
smart motherfuckers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. He seems...
Connected in the community
type shit.
Yeah, so that's kind of why
I'm a little bit frazzled
by the whole thing.
Imagine being me...
Frazzled? What the fuck
does that mean? (laughs)
- (laughs) Yeah.
- The fuck is frazzled?
Hey, let me ask
a personal question.
Talk to me.
How much did that chain cost?
This right here?
Yeah.
Quarter.
Oh, only 25 grand.
- That's not so bad.
- Oh, no, no.
- Quarter million dollars.
- No.
Stop. That's $250,000?
- What's the reason
that you... Yeah.
- Yo, yo, check this out.
It's actually priceless.
- Yeah.
- And just because
you really my guy,
- turn around.
- Stop. Really?
Right now.
Oh, my God.
- 'Cause you my little homie.
- Wow. Cool.
Quarter million dollars
on your neck.
Hey, you don't see Lil Dicky
over there? I'm his hype man.
That's our folks, man.
That's our folks. He talk--
he chopping it up with Rick Ross
right now. Goddamn.
Tomorrow I got something
really special going on.
- What?
- A Black Brilliance brunch.
The biggest Black
entrepreneurs, athletes,
hustlers all under one roof.
And I get to go?
- You gonna fit right in.
- (both laugh)
- No, no, no, no.
- Hey, man.
- Dave!
- STRETCH: Hey, come on, man.
- GATA: Come get us, dude.
Oh, you know what? Oh.
Ooh...
- I'll be right back.
- GATA: Dave.
- STRETCH: Hey.
- GATA: Come on, man.
DAVE:
Right on. Th-They're with me.
See? I told you
we supposed to be over here.
You got to relax, fall back.
- ALL: Hey!
- (overlapping chatter)
- Look at that shit!
- Oh, yeah.
Damn. He let you hold
the piece like that?
Honestly, I feel a little
Malibu's Most Wanted-esque
right now. I'm probably gonna
just give it back to him.
- (hip-hop playing)
- (crowd chatter)
Where did he go?
What the fuck?
Excuse me.
Do you know where
Rick Ross went?
He gone.
- (door chimes)
- I can't believe he just
left this with me.
- It means he trusts you.
- It means he rich.
It means he lacks judgment.
But did you see the way that
me and him were vibing in there?
(scoffs) Yeah.
I mean, I felt like a bad bitch.
- (chuckles)
- I really did.
It was incredible. He invited me
to a brunch tomorrow.
- Stop lying.
- Yeah, look.
Wow.
Damn, it's about to be
on and popping, bro.
Future, Baby,
Gucci gonna be there.
- Everyone's gonna be there.
- Aw, that shit is sick.
And you can give him the chain,
and I can get the verse tomorrow.
Yeah, I can give him the chain
tomorrow. No problem.
It's actually
incredibly convenient.
Hmm, but what if
Killer Mike is there?
(scoffs) Whatever.
Well, I'm just saying,
he could be.
Man, you need to be seen
in them spots
like that,
wiggling and gandering.
You take a picture
with Rick Ross,
you're legitimized.
Fuck Killer Mike.
- (door chimes)
- (mouth full): I feel like
some people just, like,
have a complex
where they feel like
they have to prove something,
you know?
You know what the fuck going on.
- Yeah, boy.
- Oh, shit.
- Come on.
- Keep 'em up.
- Fuck, dawg.
- (choking)
- Come on, man.
- Keep 'em up. Keep 'em up,
nigga. The fuck wrong with you?
- Yeah, keep 'em up.
- (Dave choking)
DUGGY: What the fuck wrong
with this nigga, man?
Yo, I-- yo, I think
he choking, bro.
- Shut the hell up.
- You all right, bro?
No, I think he choking, bro.
Yo, yo, yo, do that "Himlis"
"Helmet" shit.
What the fuck is "Himlet"?
Whatever that shit
y'all be pressing.
Now do that shit
on the nigga ass.
Nigga, I-I think
I know how to do that shit.
- Um...
- (choking)
DUGGY:
Don't touch him, stupid ass.
You're gonna leave
motherfucking evidence on him.
I'm gonna get fingerprints
on the nigga's skin, bro?
DUGGY:
On his shirt, dumbass, boy.
- You all right, bro?
- (coughs)
(gasps)
The fuck wrong with this nigga?
- GATA: You good?
- It was a hot dog.
DUGGY:
A hot dog?
- Hey, give me that shit.
- (screams) Take it!
- All right, all right,
all right, bro.
- Come on.
- DAVE: Very valuable chain,
take that chain.
- What's in that pocket?
Okay, here, take the cash.
I didn't pay for the cash.
Wait, but can I have
my driver's license?
It's so hard
to go back to the DMV.
Can't believe this shit.
Man, I do know how it is,
though, the DMV...
- (overlapping shouting)
- Okay, don't shoot.
- Please don't shoot.
- Get the fuck down.
(Dave panting)
DAVE: They took
the fucking chain, Gata.
- GATA: Fuck, man.
- (door chimes)
- Man, where the fuck was you at?
- Y'all praying?
Yo, y'all heard anything
about a white boy
getting his chain snatched?
Happened about a hour ago.
Man, tap back in
if you do. Damn.
Can we just call the police?
Hell nah, we ain't calling
the police, bro.
Why you want to get Ross
attached to some shit
like this? That's Mickey.
I ain't no rat.
Mickey's a mouse.
- (scoffs)
- I feel like we can just explain
to Rick what happened,
and he'll understand.
He's a reasonable human being.
Bro, we are not doing that.
You know I've been trying
to get this verse cleared
with that nigga,
man, come on.
I got people out here.
- I got you. Hold on.
- (stammers)
(disconnected tone plays)
Damn. Phone number don't work.
What is your plan,
to, like, reach out
to all your old friends and ask
if they're aware of what
happened in the last two hours
in the city of Atlanta? How is
that, like, a reasonable plan?
Bro, you got to calm down, man.
You don't know how none
of this shit work at all, bro.
I guess I don't understand
how any of this works
if you have to, like, wear
a $200,000 piece of equipment
- to look cooler.
- Bro, you always
oversimplifying shit.
It's not just
about looking cool, Dave.
Okay, what about having
your friend wear
a security T-shirt
when he's not a security guard
around you in public
just to look cooler?
Is that an oversimplification?
Niggas need the chain, for sure.
Did you say "for show"
or "fo' sho'"?
Fo' sho'.
(phone chimes)
DAVE:
Oh, my God.
Rick Ross just DM'd me.
What?
DAVE:
A link.
Yeah, we got a nigga chain, man.
We got that motherfucker, nigga.
- Hell yeah.
- Hell yeah, bring the bag, homeboy.
Oh, no.
- What? Tell me.
- Look at it, look at this.
Oh, no.
Them niggas got the chain, dawg.
Yeah, no shit
they got the chain.
- They're boasting about it.
- (phone ringing)
Hey, Ross calling you right now.
What? Pick up for me.
Why would I pick up?
My hands are pretty fucking...
Dude, that ain't got shit
to do with me.
Pick up, bro. Pick up.
Hey, Rick.
I see my goddamn chain
with my name on it
all across the Internet
with some bullshit.
I tried so hard
to find you in the club,
and I-I couldn't.
Like, you weren't there.
I don't know where you went.
Hey, hey,
save all that punk shit.
You may think
you could punk somebody...
No, I don't like to punk people.
I'm totally unaffiliated
with the show Punk'd.
I know that you went on it.
And I saw--
I watched the Quibi thing.
I know that moved to Roku.
- I know all about that.
- Fuck Roku.
I don't think that people
are gonna know that
it's your chain necessarily.
It's just an "R."
Couldn't it be, like,
Robert De Niro's chain?
They tagging me!
Stop licking
your motherfucking fingers.
Get your thumb out your ass.
And you better get it back now.
I'll make sure
you ain't good nowhere.
And that's on God.
We kill about mine.
They die about mine.
No... (stammers) So...
Fuck.
- Let me see that, bro.
- If he starts talking
about me online, too,
like, honestly,
I'm gonna be fully blackballed.
Hey, I got it, come on. I know--
Hey, we got to go.
I know where to go.
I see the nigga fur.
Who the fuck is Fur?
Yo. Almost d
idn't recognize you
with them dreads.
- I know, huh.
- When the last time I seen you?
Shit, Lil Marco memorial.
(groans) Yup.
You know you could've just
called a nigga
instead of bum-rushing me
in the middle of the night
like you the police.
GATA:
Man, you know I done had
ten numbers
since I lived out here.
What you doing in town anyway?
Shit, I'm just on tour
right now.
- That's right.
- Yup.
Your sister told me
you was doing good
- with the music.
- Mm-hmm.
She come to your show tonight?
I don't be talking to her
like that.
ART:
Oh, I feel you.
Doesn't your sister
live in L. A.?
That's my cousin.
Your sister is your cousin?
Yeah.
What?
What the fuck is that?
- (Art laughs)
- GATA: Damn.
- That's crazy.
- That right there, cuh,
unbelievable.
Finna make a killing.
We got about 15 of them
off the truck.
- Wow, so cool.
- GATA: Hey, unc.
You see this jacket right here?
You sell that to anybody?
And do you recognize
these voices?
(Duggy and Bingo speaking
indistinctly on video)
- What if I do?
- I need that info, man.
These niggas snatched
a chain from us.
They trying to flip it
and get some money.
But it's not just any chain.
They snatched Rick Ross chain.
I can't go out like that.
That's bad for him,
and it's bad for me. All you got
to do is give me a phone number.
I'll do the rest.
Don't worry about nothing.
Just give me the number.
Nephew, you ain't supposed to be
tangled up in all this, nigga.
Come on, unc.
Please.
Sit.
Oh.
(line ringing)
(whispers):
Come on.
DUGGY (over phone):
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
It's the dude you stole
the chain from.
How the hell y'all get
my number anyway?
Man, don't worry about all that.
I seen your corny-ass post
on Instagram.
How much the fuck y'all want
to get it back?
- We need 50 bands.
- Lower the aggro level.
Bro, we ain't
no bitches, though.
- Hello?
- I am a bitch.
- Bro, we got...
- Start operating under, like,
that we're half-bitch.
- Hello?
- Would you pay 50 for it?
Are you fucking kidding?
Would I pay $50,000
of my own money? No.
Bro, $50,000 is like
five dollars to you.
$50,000 is $50,000.
What are you talk-- what?
You have no idea
what my finances are.
They're not as good
as you think they are,
- if you're talking this way. No.
- Hey, man, you on the phone
right now,
you got fucking five minutes...
Hey, man, y'all know
who chain that is, man.
He ain't trying to make this
issue bigger than it already is.
And Ross ain't coming
out of pocket for this shit.
And he ain't trying
to go to war either.
Hey.
If you get us a Rick Ross
feature, bro, we all good.
I'm-a tell you now, my--
I'm a man of my word, man.
- (mouthing)
- If Rick Ross give us a verse,
we'll be good, bro.
They just need a Rick Ross
feature? You already have one.
Just give 'em the thing
on your hard drive from Benny.
Hell nah. That's my Ross verse.
You know how hard it was
to get that from Benny?
It wasn't hard at all.
It was a fucking WeTransfer.
Do you have $50,000
you want to spend, Gata?
- (sighs)
- Hello?
All right, fine.
- You're still on mute.
- Oh, fuck.
All right, fine.
We gonna get you the verse
and we gonna get the chain back,
straight like that.
I'm-a text you the address.
Come in the morning.
- No funny business.
- And thank you so much
for working with us.
- Really appreciate it. What...
- Relax, bro. Goddamn.
- MIKE: What? What is it?
Hurry up!
- Not up, but
Down-- down, down!
- Yeah, not in, but...
- Around!
- Go downtown.
- What? No.
- Uh, down and out!
- (Mike shouts)
Yes!
- (laughs)
- ELZ: Okay, go, go, go.
- Okay, uh,
it's a corporate entity.
- EMMA: Yeah.
They've been stealing our data
and selling it behind our backs
for way too long.
- BOTH: Facebook!
- Yeah!
Facebook, but it's a-a movie.
- Oh, The Social Network!
- Social Network!
Here I go! Okay.
It goes on your toes.
Oh, like a lube! Come!
- No, it goes on your feet.
- Come? Nail polish!
- No, uh... Ugh!
- Oh, my God!
- Jesus Christ.
- Oh, shit. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- It was foot fungus.
- Oh, my God. Holy shit.
- Foot fungus.
- EMMA: Fuck, dude.
God, these are dry-clean only.
Party foul.
You got to pay for the pants.
Yo, I'm sorry.
I'll just wash the pants.
I'll wash the pants.
He can't fucking pay
for the pants.
He owes me fucking,
like, 600 bucks.
MIKE:
You owe her money?
- You owe me $500.
- EMMA: You fucker.
- Okay, okay, okay.
- MIKE: You owe everybody money.
I get it, I get it. Ha, ha, ha.
Jesus, just leave it.
- What's wrong?
- I know.
- Calm down.
- We're just kidding around.
Dude, I'm just...
I'm broke.
What do you mean, like,
you're a broken soul?
No, no, man, like, I'm broke.
Dude, I haven't gotten paid
for a publishing on
any of these songs that I made
'cause they never came out.
You know,
I hate to ask for money.
That's why I hated
asking you two.
I was tired of asking
my parents.
I know they're tired
of me asking, and it's like...
Dude, I haven't gotten a haircut
in three weeks, bro.
- Your hair looks fine.
- I feel crazy.
That's what you tell me
- because you have
to tell me that.
- EMMA: Yeah, it looks fine.
You're being nice. It's okay.
Yeah, listen, when you're Black,
you need a lineup
every fucking week.
You're not my only Black friend,
for-- news flash, buddy.
I've had lots of Black friends,
and-and they all have hair
that looks a lot like yours.
- (both laugh)
- But it's not a big deal.
We're gonna be all white.
- All right. Ah...
- (both laugh)
- That is the worst thing
to tell...
- I am gonna be all white.
You're all Black,
and I'm all white!
- (shouting, whooping)
- You're all Black,
- and I'm all white!
- You're gonna knock this over!
BOTH (chanting):
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
(knocking on door)
- Yo.
- MAN: What's up, man. You Mike?
- Yeah.
- Okay, cool.
- So I'm cutting you?
- Uh, no, no, no.
Him. Elz.
Yo. I got you a barber, man.
Gonna get you all lined up
before the brunch later today.
Surprise.
Oh, nigga,
I thought that was Gata.
He does not look
like Gata to me.
- You have to say that.
You have to say that.
- Okay.
- But I love you.
- Thank you. Yeah.
- We do this a lot. It's okay.
- They said go around back?
- Yeah.
I mean, this is such
a stressful situation, man.
- Like, between Rick Ross
or them, I...
- Damn it, man. Shit.
Stretch ain't even gonna be able
to make it, man. He just told me
- he can't get off work in time.
- Stretch was supposed to come?
You said we didn't even need
to come with people.
I know you ain't used
to this type of shit, bro,
but you need
some adversity, bro.
You fall down seven times,
you get up eight.
What the fuck
are you talking...?
Enough with these phrases
and -isms.
Why would I have to get up
eight times
if I've only fallen down seven?
The math doesn't even add up.
Because we started
on the ground.
We got it out the mud, bro.
Let's go, man.
Bad shit happen to good people.
- We fixing it.
- (sighs)
♪ Crunching on that data ♪
♪ I've been chain-swinging ♪
♪ Catch a nigga
and knock your face off... ♪
Hey, make sure you double up
on that wham, man.
- That shit go crazy.
Don't even lie.
- (knocking on door)
JUNE:
Yo.
- Y'all come in, man.
- (door creaks)
(hip-hop song continues)
(music stops)
Good morning.
How you guys doing?
Y'all got the chain?
Shit. Y'all got the verse?
He's got it on a hard drive.
Yeah, but y'all
don't even realize
what y'all got in front
of y'all right now.
You don't want
no Rick Ross verse.
You want a Lil Dicky verse.
JUNE:
Nigga, who is Lil Dicky?
Who the fuck is Lil Dicky?
Wait, you guys have
never heard of me at all?
- No, sir. (chuckles)
- Hell nah.
Wait, wait, hold on, you--
are you Jack Harlow?
DUGGY:
Swear.
Nigga, you better not
be Jack Harlow!
Didn't you just download
his last ten albums?
- You Jack Harlow?
- JUNE: Hey, boy,
- I want a verse right now.
- I'm-I'm not Jack Harlow.
I'm Lil Dicky. What the fuck
are you guys talking about?
Well, no, you came through
looking like
you got a beard and haircut.
DAVE:
Why would I be Jack Harlow?
I'm right here in front of you,
a different man.
Man, I-I heard Jay-Z
talking about he Hove.
That might be your alter ego.
DAVE: What, are you guys,
like, obsessed with him?
Cool, he's young
and, like, strong.
(overlapping chatter)
Hate don't look good on you,
boy. You wearing it like a shoe.
- What are we talking about?
Fuck it. Yeah.
- Man, fuck all that.
- Yeah, please, change the...
- My nigga D can really rap.
- Yes.
- You need to check out
his videos.
- They get millions of views.
- Hey, look that nigga up, B.
- Give me a second,
give me a second.
- I checked out y'all music.
That shit dope as fuck,
I ain't gonna lie.
But y'all rapping about guns,
killing, stealing.
- All that shit.
- BINGO: Yep.
Yep, yep.
He-he doing numbers all right.
Don't y'all know what's going on
in the world right now?
You can go to jail
for rap lyrics, dawg.
You see what they're doing
with our brothers, Thug.
- That shit foul.
- JUNE: I'm saying, though,
how the hell they gonna
goddamn try to goddamn
put an assumption on our work
and paint a big-ass picture
instead of really listening
to us and getting to know us?
- For real.
- This shit come
from the heart and shit.
Really, for fun.
This how we get paid.
- It's some bullshit, though.
- GATA: But if you put
a Lil Dicky verse
on there, though,
you're kind of protected.
It could be a comedy, a parody,
whatever you want it to be.
But they ain't gonna use
that shit against you in court.
Right, LD?
Yeah.
But look, though, man,
can he really rap, though?
- Yeah.
- JUNE: Show me what
you can do, white boy.
DUGGY:
For real, do your shit.
You know, I'm trying to bring
back the old-school flow.
Like, no one's revisited, like...
♪ My name's Dave
and I'm here to say... ♪
- ALL: Man...
- I'm joking!
Pull the mic up.
Pull the beat up. Let's go.
♪ Coming live
from the stash house ♪
♪ Taking all of the trash out ♪
♪ High ceiling
like Shaq's house ♪
♪ Every time that I rap now,
they don't want me ♪
♪ To pay dues, trapped here
like escape rooms ♪
♪ Heating up like
it's late June ♪
♪ Stop believing
the fake news, huh, huh ♪
♪ Ain't no doubt about it ♪
♪ My dick getting crowded ♪
♪ Why they do me foul now? ♪
♪ Fuck it, buck it, count it,
and one, uh ♪
♪ They're calling me soft,
they're not really wrong ♪
♪ I'm rocking velour, uh ♪
♪ You not on a boat,
well, that doesn't matter ♪
♪ We going for shore ♪
♪ No jewelry on me,
they took it off me ♪
♪ Like I'm Ben Baller, hey ♪
♪ They got me up in court,
I'm with this set ♪
♪ Like Travis Barker ♪
♪ Ain't no capping
with this paper ♪
♪ Like a Magic Marker ♪
♪ They can't jack it,
I'm a fire starter... ♪
♪ Wait, wait... ♪
Have you guys ever done
a skit before?
- Uh...
- Hell nah.
Give me that velour outfit, nigga.
- Sure, anything...
- Give me your shoes, too, bro.
Please don't hurt me.
I'll do fucking anything.
We gonna tie you up, bro.
Say less.
- Hey.
- (laughter)
♪ In and out the back quick ♪
♪ They cannot see me
like I'm backlit ♪
♪ Everybody told me
I was batshit ♪
♪ Now they looking past
like a has-been ♪
♪ Stay up in the back
like an ad-lib ♪
♪ They ain't really crackin'
like a ChapStick lip ♪
♪ They don't want to see
the Lil Dick kid ♪
♪ Growing any bigger
than he is ♪
♪ But I swing big, don't I? ♪
♪ I'm smokin' marijuana ♪
♪ I want to sit down
and just chop it up, Benihana ♪
♪ I'm cold-blooded with this
shit, I'm comin' like iguana ♪
♪ They should never really judge
us for this shit, Your Honor ♪
♪ That would be, mm,
H-E-A-R-say ♪
♪ Why, that's hearsay,
mobbin' with the gang... ♪
- Hey, get over
a little bit, bro.
- No, hold it vertical, Gata.
♪ Y'all don't know
a thing 'bout us ♪
♪ Baby, that is clear as day ♪
♪ I'm just with my friends ♪
♪ Smokin' marijuana... ♪
- (overlapping chatter)
- ♪ H-E-A-R-say ♪
♪ Why, that's hearsay ♪
♪ Mobbin' with the gang ♪
♪ If you hatin',
then it's fear-based... ♪
You're great.
You're a great engineer.
I'll work with you
any fucking day.
You know...
- we don't have
to stop hanging out.
- (music stops)
- Shit. Y'all-y'all can stay
in Atlanta long as y'all want.
- Yeah. Yeah, that's cool, yeah.
- Wow.
- Yo, the floors are marble.
- Damn...
- Goddamn.
DAVE:
Mr. Ross.
GATA:
You think Rozay cut the grass
with his luxury John Deere?
DAVE:
I think someone who works
for him might have a John Deere.
GATA:
Rozay, where you at?
(sneezes, groans)
Hey, when is this guy arriving?
I have, like,
a nuclear bomb in my pocket.
- I got to get this chain out.
- Bro, you got to relax.
He gonna be here
when he be here.
You know he's not
gonna be on time.
Oh!
- Those guys that robbed us
followed me on Instagram.
- What?
- Yeah.
- I told you the streets
gonna fuck with you, bro.
One mutual friend...
- Stretch.
- What?
Let me see that.
I guess Atlanta
is a small world.
- But...
- (mutters) This shit is crazy.
Hey. I got to go
check on something, dawg.
I'm about to go handle
something real quick.
Wait, you think that...?
MAN (in distance):
Killer Mike!
(exhales)
Fuck.
♪ ♪
(wind whooshing)
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ No, no, no, no, no, no ♪
♪ No, no, no,
no, no, no ♪
♪ No... ♪
Hey, man.
You were the first person
I ever saw live in concert.
And I actually give women
lap dances because of you.
So thank you for...
Man, what you say, bitch?
I said that you're, like,
my biggest inspiration.
My live show is modeled
after yours.
Yeah, my bad. All right, yo.
I thought you was on
some disrespectful shit, bro.
- I ain't even know.
Appreciate that, man.
- No.
- How are you, man? Yeah.
- I'm good.
Well, actually, I'm not good.
I'm in a little bit
of an online beef
with Killer Mike.
- Ah.
- I've never met the man.
He's here. How do I handle this?
Well, I mean, you...
Probably guess you'll have
to beat his ass, man.
Oh.
Between me and you,
I don't think there's, like,
a Black person 14 years or up
that I'd feel comfortable fighting.
- Yeah.
- Like, debate?
What about a debate?
No, bro, he really,
really smart.
- He's that smart? You know him
and that he's that smart?
- Yeah.
I'm telling you, man, listen.
- This game will eat you up, bro.
- Yeah.
You know how many people said
I was like a dancey-dancey,
chicken noodle soup-eating-ass
motherfucker?
- Chicken-- chicken noodle...
- You know what I'm saying?
But you ain't never hear them
say that shit twice,
I promise you.
- (whispers): Promise you.
- Yeah.
Have-have you fought?
Have you fought men?
- (stammers)
- Good talking to you, man.
- Okay, thank you.
So nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
So they gonna--
they gonna spin around?
All right,
I ain't gonna look at it.
It's gonna make me dizzy, goddamn.
I'm-a shoot it. Boo, boo, boo.
Hey! Come up here, my boy.
Come on, man.
Let's do this thing, dawg.
- Oh, you know
I got to get one with you.
- You feel me?
Out the mud with it.
Looking like new money, huh?
- Can't believe I called you
the big homie.
- (whooping)
- Hey, man...
- You know I know
what you did, right?
What you mean?
I know you set us up.
I see right through you, nigga.
How much they pay you?
Hey. Yo, G, I'm...
I needed the bread.
I didn't want to have
to ask you for no money
and be that guy, man, I...
(scoffs)
Some things just must be done.
Look, I appreciate you for
understanding, fam, for real.
Nah, like us.
We done.
What you mean?
G, come on, man.
What you mean...
DAVE:
I'll also have
two 1800 Cristalinos, please.
Thank you.
(exhales)
How did that go?
You're so damn lucky
you're you, dawg.
People ain't asking you
for shit.
You ain't got no extra weight
on your shoulders,
no baggage, dawg.
Like, it's like crabs
in a bucket where I'm from, bro.
This shit is crazy.
You have an eyelash.
Can I get it?
(Gata exhales)
- Okay, now make a wish.
- (scoffs)
Sorry.
I wish I wasn't at this party
right now, bro.
I can't even understand
how he would do that to you.
It's something you would
never understand, bro.
DAVE:
Well, makes you feel any better,
Rick Ross is here.
- Let's go talk to him.
- Talk to him?
He just want to get
the chain back.
I'm-I'm not even
in the right headspace
to be going over there.
You've done this for me
a million times,
I'm gonna do it
to you right now.
You're the fucking man.
You hear me?
You are the fucking one.
I know you're going
through some shit right now.
I can't even fathom
how that feels, but...
he's right there.
Your dream is right there.
You've waited, what, ten
fucking years for this moment?
Are you really gonna
let this ruin your life?
- Nah, bro. You right.
- Right?
What did you say earlier?
You said,
"Fall seven times,
get up eight"?
- Get up eight.
- Get up eight, right?
This will be the eighth time
or whatever.
This is the fucking moment where
you got to go do this shit.
- Let's do it.
- All right?
We have a whole chain
to give him, we have
a conversation, we have an in.
Go give him this.
- Snap out of it.
- (exhales) Let's go.
- Let's go.
- Let's go fucking do it.
Hey, Rozay?
Got something for you, champ.
Ooh.
Yeah. Good looking out
for this, homie.
And hopefully I didn't get y'all
tied up in no shit, did I?
Nah, that shit was a breeze.
Depends how you look at life.
But you know who really came
through is this guy Gata.
- (mouths)
- I would never have--
Well, I'm just saying,
we would never--
I was just a passenger,
and no-- he totally got the
whole situation taken care of.
If you don't know Gata,
I would never be me
if it wasn't for him.
You guys got to know him--
he's a great rapper,
great artist, all of that.
Hey, you remember that one time
you was in the "A,"
you was low on bud?
I had to re-up for you, man.
I went out there
and got it out the mud,
you know what I'm saying?
Had that 14 grams for the low.
Wasn't a lot, but...
Yo, I came through with that
lemon pepper pizza, though.
- You ain't never had that.
- I remember that.
- Yeah, bro.
- You saved the weekend
with that shit.
Oh, good looking, bro.
- Look at you now, though.
- Had to stop by Icebox
to get a little, you know what
I'm saying, somethin'-somethin'.
Red nigga got big minks.
I see you with the ice on.
Like you say, "for no reason."
ROSS:
Shit, I'm-a be here
for a couple days.
Come by the studio. Pull up.
- Oh, yeah.
- Let's make some magic.
GATA:
Oh, fo' sho'.
We gonna make some magic.
- Matter of fact...
- You with it?
Yeah-- hell yeah, I'm with it.
Matter of fact,
I got this record
that you already on.
I just need you
to clear it for me.
Um...
Killer Mike.
You tweeted about me,
and I have spent all day stewing
about how I was gonna
respond to this.
But I realized today
that if I take one-tenth
of the energy that I've spent
trying to prove to you
that I'm not bad
for the Black community
towards actually doing good
for the Black community,
I would be such
a better human being.
- So...
- Who are you?
- Who am I?
- Yeah. Who-who are you?
You just gave me a diatribe
about me tweeting you.
I don't know who you are.
Who are you?
Lil Dicky, the rapper.
- I'm on tour...
- Oh.
The tweet where I said
I don't know about this guy.
I didn't-- No, I don't--
No, not that I didn't
know about you.
The homie was just
turning me on to you.
Like, you're-- You rap, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I just didn't know
who you were.
Oh.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
But it does sound like you got
a lot of internal conflict
and a lot of questioning
your own character
in terms of social justice
and what you can do to help...
- Yeah. I am.
- ...my community,
and if-if that's the case,
don't live in the abstract.
Don't live in the social justice
world of Twitter or IG.
- Yeah.
- Like, how would you feel
about donating 15,000 bucks
to a Black bank?
Uh, yeah.
I'd feel really good about that.
Uh, $50,000 is...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I said 15,
but if you're willing to do 50,
that's showing people
"I put my money
where my mouth is."
- Yeah, I misheard.
- I'm-a tell...
But I-I think...
50 is what I want to do.
Yeah, 'cause 50, like--
Th-This chain is over 50 grand.
Chains are really expensive, huh?
Well, chains mean
something sacred.
- You know, in my community.
- Right.
But I fuck with you for fucking
with Black people.
- Thank you.
- The 50-band man.
- 50-band man.
- That's my man,
the 50-band man.
♪ Heads up ♪
Yeah.
♪ Here's another one and a ♪
♪ And another one ♪
♪ Yeek, yeek, whoop, whoop,
why you all in my ear? ♪
♪ Talking a whole bunch
of shit ♪
♪ That I ain't trying to hear,
get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me like that ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker,
you don't know me like that ♪
♪ Yeek, yeek, whoop, whoop,
I ain't playing around ♪
♪ Make one false move,
I'll take you down ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker,
you don't know me like that ♪
♪ Get back, motherfucker ♪
♪ You don't know me like that ♪
♪ Whoo, s-so come on, come on ♪
♪ Don't get swung on, swung on ♪
♪ It's the knick-knack
paddywhack ♪
♪ Still ride in Cadillacs,
family off the street ♪
♪ Made my homies
put the baggies back ♪
♪ Still stacking plaques, yep,
still action-packed, yep ♪
♪ And dough, I keep it
flipping like acrobats ♪
♪ That's why I pack a MAC
that'll crack 'em back ♪
♪ 'Cause on my waist,
there's more heat ♪
♪ Than the Shaq Attack ♪
♪ But I ain't speaking
'bout balling, balling ♪
♪ Just thinking about brawling
till y'all start bawling ♪
♪ We all in together now,
birds of a feather now ♪
♪ Just bought a plane so
we changing the weather now ♪
♪ So put your brakes on,
caps, put your capes on ♪
♪ Or knock off your block,
get dropped ♪
♪ And have your face flown
'cause I'll prove... ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org